Allow list of datasets as input for training. (#106)
lab-cosmo/metatensor-models: docs/src/getting-started/custom_dataset_conf.rst

.. note::

>    `metatensor-models` does not convert units during training or evaluation. Units are

Reviewer: It seems to me that single backticks are for italic and double backticks are for code-like fonts. Are you sure we want italic here?

Author: I am using an italic font if the library name does not appear as a code example, like it is written here. We can change this if you like.

Reviewer: It looks weird to me when I read the documentation but it's a matter of taste

   Unknown keys are ignored and not deleted in all sections during dataset parsing.

Multiple Datasets
-----------------

> For some application it is required to provide more than one dataset for model training.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For some applications, it is required to provide more than one dataset for model training.
```

`metatensor-models` supports stacking several datasets together using the ``YAML`` list

> syntax that are lines beginning at the same indentation level starting with a ``"- "``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
syntax, which consists of lines beginning at the same indentation level starting with a ``"- "``
```

(a dash and a space)

.. code-block:: yaml

    training_set:
        - structures:
              read_from: dataset_0.xyz
              length_unit: angstrom
          targets:
              energy:
                  quantity: energy
                  key: my_energy_label0
                  unit: eV
        - structures:
              read_from: dataset_1.xyz
              length_unit: angstrom
          targets:
              energy:
                  quantity: energy
                  key: my_energy_label1
                  unit: eV
              free-energy:
                  quantity: energy
                  key: my_free_energy
                  unit: hartree
    test_set: 0.1
    validation_set: 0.1

The required test and validation splits are performed consistently for each element
element in ``training_set``

The ``length_unit`` has to be the same for each element of the list. If target section

> names are the same in elements of the list their unit has also be the same. In the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
names are the same for different elements of the list, their unit also has to be the same. In the
```

> example above the target section ``energy`` exists in both list elements and have the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the example above the target section ``energy`` exists in both list elements and therefore has the
```

> same unit ``eV``. The target section ``free-energy`` only exists in the second element

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the same unit ``eV``. The target section ``free-energy`` only exists in the second element
```

and its unit does not have to be the same as in the first element of the list.

.. warning::

>    Even though parsing several datasets is supported by the library, it may not be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Even though parsing several datasets is supported by the library, it may not
```
